Clarify how to add to team page (#2623)
sourcegraph/about: company/team/index.md

This page contains brief bios of our team. Teammates may also have a personal documentation page in this directory that is named according to their Sourcegraph email address (e.g. you@sourcegraph.com -> you.md).

To add yourself to this page:

> 1. Accept GitHub's email invite to the Sourcegraph org (and then make sure that you are added to the appropriate teams).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Accept GitHub's email invite to the Sourcegraph org (you should be a member of [the `Everyone` group](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/teams/everyone) in Sourcegraph's GitHub organization).
```

Reviewer: Updating this to make it more clear how to debug the potential problem here.

Reviewer: And let me know if you are familiar with how to accept my suggestion or if I can help with that

> 1. Go to the bottom right of this page and click "Edit this page." 

Reviewer 2: I might add a bit here, something like this to line 7-->

"this will direct you to GitHub's file editor user interface. If you'd like to learn more about how to edit our handbook on GitHub check out [this page](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/people-ops/onboarding/git_intro)."

Linking to this page, right in this part of the handbook helps new users not to make the mistake of pushing directly,  rather than doing a pull request which is sourcegraph best practice because of how continuous integration is configured (i totally made this mistake 👍)

> 1. Go to the bottom right of this page and click "Edit this page." 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Go to the bottom right of this page and click "Edit this page."  This will direct you to GitHub's file editor user interface. If you would like to learn more about how to edit our handbook, check out [Introduction to git and GitHub](../../handbook/people-ops/onboarding/git_intro.md).
```
